---
title: "ModCabinet Wiki Receives an Overhaul"
---

# A Brand New ModCabinet Wiki for A New Age

[The ModCabinet wiki](https://github.com/BLCM/ModCabinet/wiki) has always been
an attempt to categorize all the mods on the Github repo in a way that makes it
easier for users to find mods they're interested in.  In the past, though,
users would have to manually go in and edit the wiki by hand, and as you can
imagine, few users ever did.  So, we've spun up a process which generates the
wiki automatically, every ten minutes!

Now, nearly every single mod in the github is present on the wiki, and should
be organized a bit more sensibly.  At initial writing, there are 1,962 pages on
the wiki!

If you're looking for mods on the github, definitely check it out, as it will
probably get you to the mods you're looking for more quickly than browsing
around the BLCMods github itself.

# For Modders

In order to make sure that your new mods show up on the improved ModCabinet,
you need to include a `cabinet.info` file alongside your mod.  The BLCMods repo
is already populated with `cabinet.info` files, so modders can just take a look
at the one that's now present in your mod directory to see how it looks.
There's also a couple of pages on there with full documentation about that:
[Contributing to ModCabinet](https://github.com/BLCM/ModCabinet/wiki/Contributing-to-ModCabinet)
and [Valid Mod Categories](https://github.com/BLCM/ModCabinet/wiki/Mod-Categories)

So give it a spin, and let us know if there's anything you'd like
improved/changed on there!  If you feel that your mods have been miscategorized
on our initial runthrough, feel free to update your own `cabinet.info` file to
specify the categories you want.  The wiki should update within ten minutes of
pushing your change to the BLCM repo.

